# Udacity Nanodegrees

[Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) offers some great courses in their
[Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/nanodegree) programs. If you don't have
the money, and/or just don't want to pay for them, you can take each of the
courses for free.

While it's no substitute for the actual Nanodegree programs
(which include project reviews, additional student and career guidance, and a
job guarantee) it provides some great content for learning.

Below is a list of each of the Nanodegrees currently offered and links to the
individual courses in their curricula. This page will be updated as they add
more courses and Nanodegrees.

**NOTE:** Only Nanodegree programs with their curricula listed on the Udacity
website are part of this list.

---

## Table of Contents

  * [Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree](#full-stack-web-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Android Basics Nanodegree](#android-basics-nanodegree)
  * [Android Developer Nanodegree](#android-developer-nanodegree)
  * [Mobile Game Developer Nanodegree](#mobile-game-developer-nanodegree)


---


### Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree

This program will prepare you for a job as a Full Stack Web Developer, and teach
you to build complex server-side web applications that use powerful relational
databases to persistently store data.

Youâ€™ll learn to build applications that can support any front-end, and scale to
support hundreds of thousands of users.

  1. [Programming Foundations with Python](https://www.udacity.com/course/programming-foundations-with-python--ud036)
  2. [Intro to HTML and CSS](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud304)
  3. [Responsive Web Design Fundamentals](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-web-design-fundamentals--ud893)
  4. [Responsive Images](https://www.udacity.com/course/responsive-images--ud882)
  5. [Intro to Backend](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-backend--ud171)
  6. [Intro to Relational Databases](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-relational-databases--ud197)
  7. [Full Stack Foundations](https://www.udacity.com/course/full-stack-foundations--ud088)
  8. [Authentication & Authorization: OAuth](https://www.udacity.com/course/authentication-authorization-oauth--ud330)
  9. [Intro to AJAX](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-ajax--ud110)
  10. [JavaScript Design Patterns](https://www.udacity.com/course/javascript-design-patterns--ud989)
  11. [Developing Scalable Apps in Python](https://www.udacity.com/course/developing-scalable-apps-in-python--ud858)
  12. [Linux Command Line Basics](https://www.udacity.com/course/linux-command-line-basics--ud595)
  13. [Configuring Linux Web Servers](https://www.udacity.com/course/configuring-linux-web-servers--ud299)
  14. [Version Control with Git](https://www.udacity.com/course/version-control-with-git--ud123)
  15. [GitHub and Collaboration](https://www.udacity.com/course/github-collaboration--ud456)
  16. [Shell Workshop](https://www.udacity.com/course/shell-workshop--ud206)
  17. [HTTP & Web Servers](https://www.udacity.com/course/http-web-servers--ud303)
  18. [Designing RESTful APIs](https://www.udacity.com/course/designing-restful-apis--ud388)


---


### Android Basics Nanodegree

Android apps are everywhere, and learning to build them can be a fantastic
career move. No programming experience? No problem! The skills you learn in this
beginning Nanodegree program will accelerate your journey to becoming a working
Android Developer.

  1. [Android Basics: User Interface](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-user-interface--ud834)
  2. [Android Basics: User Input](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-user-input--ud836)
  3. [Android Basics: Multi-screen Apps](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-multi-screen-apps--ud839)
  4. [Android Basics: Networking](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-networking--ud843)
  5. [Android Basics: Data Storage](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-basics-data-storage--ud845)


---


### Android Developer Nanodegree

For intermediate Java developers pursuing Android specialization, this program
teaches the tools, principles, and patterns that underlie all Android
development.

The skills you learn in this Nanodegree program will help you master the
existing platform, and prepare you for the exciting opportunities in Android's
future.

  1. [Developing Android Apps](https://www.udacity.com/course/developing-android-apps--ud853)
  2. [Advanced Android App Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/advanced-android-app-development--ud855)
  3. [Gradle for Android and Java](https://www.udacity.com/course/gradle-for-android-and-java--ud867)
  4. [Material Design for Android Developers](https://www.udacity.com/course/material-design-for-android-developers--ud862)
  5. [Android Wear Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/android-wear-development--ud875A)


---


### Mobile Game Developer Nanodegree

#### _No longer listed on Udacity_

If you want the skills to turn your game ideas into reality, or get ready to
jump into professional game development, this is the program for you!

The core of this Nanodegree program is libGDX, a powerful cross platform game
development framework that allows you to release your game on a variety of
devices and operating systems.

  1. [2D Game Development with libGDX](https://www.udacity.com/course/2d-game-development-with-libgdx--ud405)
  2. [How to Make a Platformer Using libGDX](https://www.udacity.com/course/how-to-make-a-platformer-using-libgdx--ud406)
  3. [Engagement & Monetization | Mobile Games](https://www.udacity.com/course/engagement-monetization-mobile-games--ud407)
